Multi-Epoch Training (#73)
NVIDIA/NeMo-Aligner: CHANGELOG.md

### New features and optimizations
- Added public-facing official Dockerfile for NeMo-Aligner

> - Added the ability to do multi-epoch (cfg.max_epochs > 1) training for reward models, DPO, and PPO

Reviewer: Is it really RM-specific? If not could be "supevised methods" rather than "reward models" (assuming it also includes SFT / SteerLM)

Author: Eh, close enough

Reviewer: Unresolving since this hasn't been addressed as far as I can tell.

Author: Fixed now

### Breaking changes

> - We have changed the shuffle logic in the data sampler for multi-epoch training, so training runs using identical parameters

Reviewer: Just realized this may be confusing => suggested rewrite:
```suggestion
- We have changed the shuffle logic in the data sampler to support multi-epoch training, so training runs using identical parameters
```

Author: Sorted, thanks
